{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang13321\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}{\f40\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Bahnschrift SemiLight;}
{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f50\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f382\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}
{\f383\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}{\f385\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f386\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f389\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}
{\f390\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\f433\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}
{\f440\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\f442\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Bahnschrift SemiLight CE;}{\f443\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Bahnschrift SemiLight Cyr;}
{\f445\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Bahnschrift SemiLight Greek;}{\f446\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Bahnschrift SemiLight Tur;}{\f449\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Bahnschrift SemiLight Baltic;}
{\f450\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Bahnschrift SemiLight (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}
{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}
{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}
{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}
{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}
{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang13321\langfe13321\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp13321\langfenp13321 
\snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid464163\rsid469082\rsid4003295\rsid6647564\rsid7603926\rsid8850894\rsid9118948\rsid10370210\rsid10770741}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0
\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator jojo}{\creatim\yr2020\mo3\dy30\hr12\min32}{\revtim\yr2024\mo6\dy8\hr10\min41}{\version9}{\edmins3}{\nofpages13}{\nofwords3851}{\nofchars21957}{\nofcharsws25757}{\vern49247}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/off
ice/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot469082 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\qj \li567\ri571\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin571\lin567\itap0\pararsid464163 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang13321\langfe13321\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp13321\langfenp13321 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f40\fs24\insrsid4003295 \line }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f40\fs24\cf6\insrsid8850894\charrsid4003295 
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 System Version: Ver. 2024.01}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f40\fs24\cf6\insrsid6647564\charrsid4003295 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \li567\ri571\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin571\lin567\itap0\pararsid464163 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \f40\fs24\insrsid9118948\charrsid10770741 \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
1. What is conciliation? 1. To overcome the distrust or animosity of; appease. 2. To regain or try to regain (f\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 riendship or goodwill) by pleasant behavior. 3. To make or attempt to make compatible; reconcile.
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 2. What is mediation? Mediation, a form of alternative dispute resolution (ADR), aims to assist two (or more) disputants in reaching an agreement.
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 3. What i\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
s arbitration? Arbitration is a legal technique for the resolution of disputes outside the courts, wherein the parties to a dispute refer it to one or more persons (the "arbitrators", "arbiters" or "arbitral tribunal"), by whose decision (the "award") the
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 y\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40  agree to be bound.
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 4. What is repudiation? The refusal to acknowledge a contract or debt.
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 5. What is the essence of Katarungan Barangay? The essence of the Katarungang  Pambarangay Law is the amicable settlement of disputes wherein the disputing parties \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
are encouraged to make mutual concessions to obtain a peaceful resolution of the dispute without formal adjudication thereof. The important consideration in amicable settlement is the extent to which the parties are willing to compromise their respective 
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 c\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 laims against each other within the limits imposed by law, morals, good customs, public order and public policy. (DOJ Opinion No. 185, s. 1981)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 6. What is essence of Katarungan Barangay? The barangay settlement procedures are intended as a screening proce\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
ss whereby the barangay captain and the pangkat ng tagapagkasundo, the conciliation panel constituted from the lupon membership, determine which cases are truly irreconcilable and should therefore be resolved judicially (DOJ Opinion No. Ill, s. 1982)

\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 7. W\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 hat is the procedure for amicable settlement?
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 8. What is the procedure for amicable settlement? Mediation by the lupon chairman. Upon receipt of the complaint, the lupon chairman shall within, the next working day, summon the respondent (s) with notice to
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
 the complainant (s) for theme and their witness to appear before him for a mediation effort within fifteen (15) days from the first meeting of the parties before him, he shall forth with set a date for the constitution of the pangkat in accordance with t
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 h\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 e provisions of this chapter.
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
9. What is the procedure for amicable settlement?  Suspension of prescriptive period of offenses. While the dispute is under mediation, conciliation, or arbitration, the prescriptive periods for offenses and cause of action u
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
nder existing laws shall be interrupted upon filing of the complaint with the punong barangay. The prescriptive periods shall resume upon receipt by the complainant of the complaint or the certificate of repudiation or of the certification to file action 
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 i\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 ssued by the lupon or pangkat secretary: Provided, however, that such interruption shall not exceed sixty (60) days from the filling of the complaint with the punong barangay.
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 10. What is the procedure for amicable settlement? Issuance of summons; hearing\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
; grounds for disqualification. The pangkat shall convene not later than three (3) days from its constitution, on the day and hour set by the lupon chairman, to hear both parties and their witnesses, simplify issues, and explore all possibilities for amic
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 a\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 ble settlement. For this purpose, the pangkat may issue summons for the personal appearance of parties and witnesses before it.
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 11. What is the procedure for amicable settlement? In the event that a party move to disqualify any member of the pangkat by re\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
ason of relationship, bias, interest, or any other similar grounds discovered after the constitution of the pangkat, the matter shall be resolved by the affirmative vote of the majority of the pangkat whose decision shall be final. Should disqualification
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40  \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 be decide upon, the resulting vacancy shall be filled as herein provided for.
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 12. What is the procedure for amicable settlement? Period to arrive at a settlement. The pangkat shall arrive at a settlement or resolution of the dispute within fifteen (15) da\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
ys from the day it convenes in accordance with this Section. This period shall at the discretion of the pangkat, be extendible for another period which shall not exceed fifteen (15) days, except in clearly meritorious cases. (Section 410)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 13. What are the\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
 objectives of barangay conciliation procedure? The barangay system of dispute resolution is an institution established through P.O. 1508 for the purpose of shifting or segregating cases which can be peaceably or amicably settled between the parties and t
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 h\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 osewhich are truly irreconcilable as to require formal adjudication before the courts or other government offices.
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
14. What are the objectives of barangay conciliation procedure? The former type of cases are prevented from reaching the regular courts of justice or government offices performing adjudicatory functions the dockets of which are thereby relieved of congest
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 i\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 on of pending cases. (DOJ Opinion No. 10, s.1982)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 15. What are the objectives of barangay conciliation procedure? Speedy Administration of Justice An essential objective of the Katarungang Pambarangay Law is the promotion of the speedy administration of j
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 ustice. (DOT Opinion No. 26, s. 1982)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 16. What are the objectives of barangay conciliation procedure? Alternative to Litigation The primary purpose of P.D. 1508, (now, Chapter 7, Title One, Book III, Local Government Code) is to provide the conciliation m
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 echanism as an alterative to litigation in dispute settlement, to members of the responding barangay who are actually residing therein. (Bejer v. Court of Appeals, 169 SCRA 566, 572, Jan, 27, 1989)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 17. What are the objectives of barangay conciliation proc\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
edure? Peaceful and Friendly Settlement One of the purposes of the Katarungang Pambarangay Law is to relieve trial courts of cases among neighbors that hopefully can be settled through the mediation of their peers in peaceful and friendly confrontations. 
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 (\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 Ramos v. Court of Appeals. 174 SCRA 690, 695, June 30, 1989)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 18. What are the objectives of barangay conciliation procedure? By compelling the disputants to settle their differences through the intervention of the barangay leader and other respected membe
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
rs of the barangay, the animosity generated by protracted court litigations between members of the same political unit, a disrupted factor toward unity and cooperation is avoided. (Morata v. Go, 125 SCRA 444, 449, Oct. 27, 1983)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 19. What are the objective\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
s of barangay conciliation procedure? Perpetuate Tradition and Culture The term "barangay level" distinguishes the system instituted by P.O. No. 1508 (now in LGC) for the purpose of perpetuating and giving official recognition to our time-honored traditio
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 n\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
 of resolving disputes among family and barangay members from the court system which performs the same function of resolving disputes or controversies, but through formal and technical rules of procedure. (DOJ Opinion No. 87, S. 1981)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 20. What are the obj\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
ectives of barangay conciliation procedure? Interest of Public Peace and Order While it is conceded that the State has the sovereign right to prosecute criminal offenses and that the fiscal has the full control in public prosecution, P.O. No. 1508 (now in
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40  \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
LGC) stays the prosecuting arm of the government in cases of light offenses and allows the parties to settle their differences in the larger and greater interest of public peace and order. (People v. Caruncho, 127 SCRA 16, 31, Tan. 23, 1984)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 21. How is th\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
e lupon different from the barangay council? The barangay council is the barangays law- making body, created under the Revised Barrio Charter, R.A. 3590, as amended. The lupong tagapayapa is the council created under P.O. 1508. The lupon is a conciliation
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40  \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 body separate and distinct from the barangay council or sanggunian. (DOJ Opinion No. 43, s. 1982)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 22. What are the provisions of the Katarungan Pambarangay under R.A. 7160? There is hereby created in each barangay a lupong tagapamayapa, hereinafter referr\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
ed to as the lupon, composed of the Punong Barangay as Chairman and the Ten (10) to Twenty (20) members. The lupon shall be constituted every three (3) years in the manner provided by law.
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 23. What are the provisions of the Katarungan Pambarangay under R.\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
A. 7160? Any person actually residing or working in the barangay, not otherwise expressly disqualified by law, and possessing integrity, impartiality, independence of mind, sense of fairness, and reputation for probity, may be appointed a member of the lu
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 p\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 on.
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
24. What are the provisions of the Katarungan Pambarangay under R.A. 7160? A notice to constitute the lupon, which shall include the names of proposed members who have expressed their willingness to serve, shall be prepared by the punong barangay with
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 in the first fifteen (15) days from the start of his term of office. Such notice shall be posted in three (3) conspicuous places in the barangay continuously for a period of not less than three (3) weeks.
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 25. What are the provisions of the Katarungan Pamb\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
arangay under R.A. 7160? The punong barangay, taking into consideration any opposition to the proposed appointment or any recommendations for appointments as may have been made within the period of posting, shall within ten (10) days thereafter, appoint a
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 s\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40  members those whom he determines to be suitable therefore. Appointments shall be in writing, signed by the punong barangay, attested to by the barangay secretary.
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 26. What are the provisions of the Katarungan Pambarangay under R.A. 7160? The list of appo\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
inted members shall be posted in three (3) conspicuous places in the barangay for the entire duration of their term of office; and In barangays where majority of the inhabitants are members of indigenous cultural communities, local systems of settling dis
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 p\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 utes through their councils of datus or elders shall be recognized without prejudice to the applicable provisions of this code.
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 27. What are the functions of the lupon? The function of the lupon tagapayapa is primarily conciliatory not adjudicative. (DOJ \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 Opinion No. 64, s. 1982)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 28. What are the functions of the lupon? The lup\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
on shall: a. Exercise administrative supervision over the conciliation panels provided in the Code. b. Meet regularly once a month to provide a forum for matters relevant to the amicable settlement of disputes, and to enable various conciliation panel mem
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 b\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
ers to share with one another their observations and experiences in effecting speedy resolution of disputes. c. Exercise such other powers and perform such other duties and functions as may be prescribed by law or ordinance.
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 29. What is the scope of the l\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
upon powers? The Lupon Tagapamayapa is an administrative body. It has only such powers and functions as are conferred on it expressly or by necessary implication by the law that created it. (DOJ Opinion No. 100, s. 1979 and No. 29, s. 1984)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 30. Who will b\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
e the ex-officio chairman of the lupon? The punong barangay (barangay captain) is ex officio chairman of the lupon of his barangay by express provision of P.O. 1508. Upon him alone devolves ipso facto the powers and duties of the chairman of the lupon, na
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 m\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
ely: to constitute the lupon; to mediate and arbitrate disputes; to constitute the pangkat ng tagapagkasundo; and to perform miscellaneous duties relative to the regular monthly meetings of the lupon. (DOJ Opinion No. 67, s. 1981)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 31. Who will take over i\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
f the ex-officio chairman is not available? The most senior councilman succeeds to substitute for the punong barangay in case the latter ceases to hold office or is unable to perform his duties under the Katarungang Pambarangay Law. If said senior council
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 m\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
an likewise ceases to hold office or is unable to perform said duties, the process of succession successively devolves upon the other councilmen in the order of their seniority. (DOJ VUUlLUrIS No. 67, s. 1981 and No. 107, s. 1983)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 32. What is improper sub\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
stitution? Without conducting a personal confrontation of the parties before him for mediation, the punong barangay instead, referred the case to a lawyer who acted thereon purportedly as a "pangkat chairman." Under the circumstances the assumption by the
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40  \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
said lawyer of the position of chairman of the pangkat ng tagapagkasundo was devoid of legal basis because of the non-compliance with the statutory requirement of personal confrontation of the parties before the punong barangay as provided under Section 4
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40  \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 (b) of P.O. 1508, and with the procedure prescribed by the law for the selection of pangkat chairman
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 33. What is improper substitution? Moreover, it does not appear that said lawyer is a senior member of the barangay council who can substitute for the pun\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
ong barangay as lupon chairman. Only members of the sangguniang barangay, in the order of their seniority, can succeed to or substitute for, the punong barangay as lupon chairman. (DOJ Opinion No. 341 s. 1984)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 34. What is the territorial limits of lupon ?\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
 The authority of every lupon constituted for a particular barangay is co-extensive with the territorial limits of said barangay. Thus, the lupon may not exercise its authority outside the territorial confines of its own barangay. (DOJ Opinion No. 13, s.1
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 9\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 80)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 35. Who shall act as Secretary of the Lupon? The Barangay Secretary shall concurrently serve as the secretary of the Lupon (Section 403)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 36. What are the functions of the Secretary? He shall record the results of mediation proceedings before the puno\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
ng barangay and shall submit a report thereon to the proper city or municipal courts. He shall also receive and keep the records of proceedings submitted to him by the various conciliation panels.
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 37. Describe Pangkat ng tagapagkasundo. There shall be con\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
stituted for each dispute brought before the lupon a conciliation panel to be known as the pangkat ng tagapagkasundo, hereafter referred to as the pangkat, consisting of three (3) members who shall be chosen by the parties to the dispute from the list of 
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 m\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 embers of the lupon. (Section 404, a) Should the parties fail to agree on the pangkat membership, the same shall be determined by lots drawn by the lupon chairman.
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 38. Describe Pangkat ng Tagapagkasundo. The Three (3) members constituting the pangkat shal\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
l elect from among themselves the chairman and the secretary. The secretary shall prepare the minutes of the pangkat proceedings and submit a copy duly attested to by the chairman to the lupon secretary and to the proper city or municipal court. He shall 
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 i\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
ssue and cause to be serves notices to the parties concerned. (Section 404, b) The lupon secretary shall issue certified true copies of any public record in his custody that is not by law otherwise declared confidential. (Section 404)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 39. How to fill-up v\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
acancies in the Pangkat? Any vacancy in the pangkat shall be chosen by the parties to the dispute from the among the other lupon members. Should the parties fail to agree on a common choice, the vacancy shall be filled by lot to be drawn by the lupon chai
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 r\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 man.
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
40. The choice of Pangkat members. The choice of pangkat members is the parties prerogative. The rationale for this procedure is that the parties would be better disposed to amicably settle their dispute before a conciliation panel whose members are 
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 freely chosen by them. (DOl Opinions No. 262, s. 1982 and No. 34, s. 1984)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 41. Characterize the Office and Service of Lupon Members. The members, while in the performance of their official duties or on the occasion thereof, shall be deemed as persons in a\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
uthority, as defined in the Revised Penal Code. (Section 406, a)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 42. Characterize the Office and Service of Lupon Members. The lupon or pangkat members shall serve without compensation, except as provided for in Section 393 and without prejudice to incent
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
ives as provided for a system of granting economic or other incentives to the lupon or pangkat members who adequately demonstrate the ability to judiciously and expeditiously resolves cases referred to them. While in the performance of their duties, the l
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 u\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
pon or pangkat members, whether in public or private employment, shall be deemed to be on official time, and shall not suffer from any diminution in compensation or allowance from said employment by reason thereof. (Section 406, b)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 43. Who shall render le\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
gal advice on matters involving questions of law? The provincial, city legal officer or prosecutor or the municipal legal officer shall render legal advice on matters involving questions of law to the punong barangay or any lupon or pangkat member wheneve
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 r\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40  necessary in the exercise of his functions in the administration of the katarungang pambarangay. (Section 407)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 44. Enumerate the exceptions for amicable settlement. The lupon of each barangay shall have authority to bring together the parties actually re\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
siding in the same city or municipality for amicable settlement of all disputes except: a. Where one party is the government or any subdivision or instrumentality thereof; b. Where one party is a public officer or employee, and the dispute relates to the 
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 p\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 erformance of his official functions; c. Offenses punishable by imprisonment exceeding one (1) year or a fine of Five thousand (P5, 000.00);
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 45. Enumerate the exceptions for amicable settlement. d. Offense where there is no private offended party; e. Wher\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
e the dispute involves real properties located in different cities or municipalities unless the parties thereto agree to submit their differences to amicable settlement by an appropriate lupon; f. Disputes involving parties who actually reside in barangay
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40  \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
of different cities or municipalities, except where such barangay units adjoin each other and the parties thereto agree to submit their differences to amicable settlement by an appropriate lupon;
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 46. Enumerate the exceptions for amicable settlement.g. Suc\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
h other classes of disputes which the President may determine in the interest of justice or upon the recommendation of the Secretary of Justice. The court in which non-criminal cases not falling within the authority of the lupon under this Code are filed 
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 m\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 ay, at any time before trial, non propos refer the case to the lupon concerned for amicable settlement. (Section 408)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 47. Where will the conciliation will be held?1. Disputes between persons actually residing in the same barangay shall be brought for amic\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
able settlement before the lupon of said barangay.2. Those involving actual residents of different barangays within the same city or municipality shall be brought in the barangay where the respondent or any of the respondents actually resides, at the elec
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 t\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 ion of the complainant.3. All disputes involving real property or any interest therein shall be brought in the barangay where are real property or the larger portion thereof is situated.

\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 48. Where will the conciliation will be held?4. Those arising at the\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
 workplace where the contending parties are employed or at the institution where such parties are enrolled for study shall be brought in the barangay where such workplace or institution is located.5. Objections to venue shall be raised in the mediation pr
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 o\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
ceedings before the punong barangay; otherwise, the same shall be deemed waived. Any legal question which may confront the punong barangay in resolving objections to venue herein referred to may be submitted to the Secretary of Justice or his duly designa
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 t\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 ed representative whose ruling thereon shall be binding. (Section 409)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 49. Who may initiate proceedings for amicable settlement? Any individual who has a cause of action against another individual involving any matter within the authority of the lupon may\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
 complain, orally or in writing, to the Lupon Chairman Of The Barangay. (Section 410)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 50. How will the settlement be recorded? All amicable settlements shall be in writing, in a language or dialect known to the parties, signed by them, and attested to by \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
the lupon chairman or the pangkat chairman, as the case may be. When the parties to the dispute do not use the same language or dialect, the settlement shall be written in the language or dialect known to them. (Section 411)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 51. Is conciliation proceeding\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
s a pre-condition to the filing of complaint in court? Yes. No complaint, petition, or proceeding involving any matter within the authority of the lupon shall be filed or instituted directly in court or any other government office for adjudication, unless
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40  \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
there has been confrontation between the parties before the lupon chairman or the pangkat, and that no conciliation or settlement has been reached as certified by the lupon secretary as attested to by the lupon chairman or pangkat chairman or unless the s
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 e\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 ttlement has been repudiated by the parties thereto. (Section 412)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 52. Is conciliation proceedings a pre-condition to the filing of complaint in court? However, the parties may go directly to court if: 1. Where the accused is under detention; 2. Where a p\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
erson has otherwise been deprived of personal liberty calling for habias corpus proceeding; 3. Where actions are coupled with the provisional remedies such as preliminary injunction, attachment, delivery of personal property, and support ; and
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 53. Is conc\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
iliation proceedings a pre-condition to the filing of complaint in court?4. Where the action may otherwise be barred by the statute of limitations.5. Conciliation among members of indigenous cultural communities. \hich\f40 \endash \loch\f40 
 the customs and traditions of indigenous\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40  \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 cultural communities shall be applied in settling disputes between members of the cultural communities.
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 54. The parties may, at any stage of the proceeding, agree in writing that they shall abide by the arbitration award of the lupon chairman or the pangk\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
at. Such agreement to arbitrate may be repudiated within five(5) days from the date thereof for the same grounds and in accordance with the procedure hereinafter prescribed. The arbitration award shall be made after the lapse of the period for repudiation
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40  \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 and within ten(10) days thereafter. (Section 413)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 55. How will the written agreement be written? The arbitration award shall be in writing in a language or dialect known to the parties. When the parties to the dispute do not use the same lan
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 guage or dialect, the award shall be written in the language or dialect known to them. (Section 413)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 56. Will the proceeding will be open to the pubic? All proceedings for settlement shall be public and informal: Provided, however That the lupon chairman \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
or the pangkat chairman, as the case may be, may motu propio or upon request of a part, exclude the public from the proceeding in the interest of privacy, decency, or public morals (Section 414)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 57. Who should be present during conciliation? In all kataru\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
ngang pambaranagay proceedings, the parties must appear in person without the assistance of counsel or representative, except for minors and incompetents who may be assisted by their next-of- kin who are not lawyers. (Section 415)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 58. The effect of amicab\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
le settlement and arbitration award. The amicable settlement and arbitration award shall have the force and effect of a final judgment of a court upon the expiration of ten (10) days from the date thereof, unless repudiation of the settlement has been mad
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 e\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40  or a petition to nullify the award has been filed before the proper city or municipality court. (Section 416)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 59. The effect of amicable settlement and arbitration award. However, this provision shall not apply to court cases settled by the lupon under t\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
he last paragraph of Section 408 of this code, in which case the compromise settlement agreed upon by the parties before the lupon chairman or the pangkat chairman shall be submitted to the court and upon approval thereof, have the force and effect of a j
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 u\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 dgment of said court.
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
60. When will the amicable settlement and arbitration award will be enforced? The amicable settlement or arbitration award may be enforced by execution by the lupon within six (6) months from the date of the settlement. After the lap
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 se of such time, the settlement may be enforced by action in the appropriate city or municipal court. (Section 417)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 61. Can any member of the party still repudiate even after the settlement? Any party to the dispute may, within ten (10) days from the date\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
 of the settlement, repudiate the same by filing with the lupon chairman a statement to that effect sworn to before him, where the consent is vitiated by fraud, violence, or intimidation. Such repudiation shall be sufficient basis for the issuance of the 
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 c\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 ertification for filling a complaint as herein above provided. (Section 418)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 62. Who will transmit the settlement or the arbitration award to the appropriate city or municipal court? The secretary of the lupon shall transmit the settlement or the arbitrat\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
ion award to the appropriate city or municipal court within five (5) days from the date of the award or from the lapse of the ten-day period repudiating the settlement and shall furnish copies thereof each of the parties to the settlement and the lupon ch
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 a\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 irman. (Section 419)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
63. The punong barangay, as chairman of the lupong tagapamayapa, and the members of the pangkat are hereby authorized to administer oaths in connection with any matter relating to all proceedings in the implementation of the katarungn
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 g pambarangay.(Section 420)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
64. Who will implement the administration and rules and regulation of the katarungan pambarangay? The city or municipal mayor, as the case may be, shall see to the efficient and effective implementation and administration of th
\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 e katarungang pambarangay. The secretary of Justice shall promulgate the rules and regulations necessary to implement this chapter. (Section 421)
\par 
\par \hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 65. Who will provide the budget of the katarungan pambarangay? Such amount as may be necessary for the effect\hich\af40\dbch\af31505\loch\f40 
ive implementation of the katarung ang pambarangay shall be provided for in the annual budget of the city or municipality concerned. (Section 422)}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \f40\fs24\insrsid10370210\charrsid10770741 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210091a344bc8507000096200000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec59cd8e1bb911be07c83b34fa2eebaf5b3f03cb0ba92579d69eb10d4b76b0478e4475d3c36e0a243563616160e13de51220c026c821
0be496431064812c90452e7918033692cd43a4c86eb54889b2670673308299b9a8d95f153f5615abaac9fb5fbc4ea97781b9202cebf9f57b35dfc3d98ccd4916
f7fc17d371a5e37b42a26c8e28cb70cf5f63e17ff1e097bfb88f8e648253ec817c268e50cf4fa45c1e55ab6206c348dc634b9cc1bb05e32992f0c8e3ea9ca34b
d09bd26aa3566b55534432dfcb500a6a9f2e166486bda952e93fd8281f5178cca4500333ca274a35b62434767e5e5708b11611e5de05a23d1fe699b3cb297e2d
7d8f2221e145cfafe93fbffae07e151d1542541e9035e4c6faaf902b04e6e70d3d278fcfca4983200c5afd52bf0650b98f1bb547ad51abd4a70168368395e65c
6c9ded461414580394ff74e81eb687cdba8537f437f738f743f56fe13528d71fece1c7e308ac68e13528c7877bf870d01d0c6dfd1a94e35b7bf876ad3f0cda96
7e0d4a28c9cef7d0b5b0d58c36ab2d210b468f9df06e188cdb8d42f91605d15046979a62c1327928d652f48af1310014902249324fae9778816610c511a2e48c
13ef84c48954d3a0238c8cf7f9d04cec0da9193d31e364297bfea325827db1d5fafea79fdebdfdf1dddb7fbcfbf6db776fff666ab7e48e51169b723ffff9b7ff
fdfe1bef3f7fffd3cfdffd2e9f7a172f4cfc87bffefac33ffff531f5b0990c5abfffe1c38f3fbcffc36ffefd97ef1cdafb1c9d99f02949b1f09ee04bef394b61
81da3a361f7cc6af27314d103125fa592c5086d42c0efd239958e8276b44910337c0b61d5f7248262ee0c3d52b8bf024e12b491c1a1f27a9053c658c0e18775a
e1b19acb30f37495c5eec9f9cac43d47e8c235778432cbcba3d512b22871a98c126cd17c465126518c332c3df58e9d63ec58dd578458763d2533ce045b48ef2b
e20d10719a644aceac68da0a1d9314fcb27611047f5bb6397de90d1875ad7a882f6c24ec0d441de4a7985a667c885612a52e95539452d3e02748262e9293359f
99b89190e0e91853e68de6580897cc530eeb359cfe181289dbeda7749dda482ec9b94be70962cc440ed97994a074e9c24e489698d82fc5398428f29e31e9829f
327b87a867f003ca0ebafb25c196bb3f9d0d5e400e35296d0344bd5971872f1f6266c5ef644d1708bb524d9fa7568aed73e28c8ec12ab642fb04638a2ed11c63
efc5970e0603b6b46cbe25fd2881ac728c5d81f508d9b1aa9e332ca01b52edcb7e9e3c21c20ad9098ed9013ea7eb9dc4b346598af821cd4fc0eba6cd4750cc52
57003ca5b37313f884409707f1e234ca53013a8ce03ea8f55982ac02a69e853b5ed7dcf2df55f618eccb57168d2bec4b90c1d79681c46eca7cd4365344ad09b6
013345d047b8d22d8858eedf8aa8e2aac5564eb985bd69b76e80fec76a6b52927db2c7c9e3f276ba1be821defff17b47a4df4e47e3566ca5a3f7d7eb650ea58b
e39d0ee6106eb76f89189f93cfbf6d19a255f60c43a5d8cf49775dcb5dd7e2ffdf772d87f6f35daf72a8a3b8eb557ce821ee7a95e280e4767a956d7b029d8b3a
42c80f6bf4d14d7af0e46641289dc835c527421fde08f862998f6150c9e9534b5c9ee42d13f8a9ca1c4c60e1628eb48cc799fc1591c924414b38f8a9fb4a492c
0ad5b1f0964cc081a31e76ea5678ba4a4fd93c3fb0acd7d5e1645e590592dbf15a588ec36193ccd1adf6f610ae54afd9c6fab0744340c95e878431994da2e920
d1de0c2a23e9a359309a83845ed9adb0e83a587494fa8dabf65800b5d22bf049edc18778cf0f03100121387183f67baefc94bb7ae35dedccdbf4f421635a1150
8353f12202b69eee2aae0797a7569787da153c6d9130c2cd26a12da31b3c91c0876e119d6af42a34aeebebeed6a5163d658ac216068d76e7632c6eea6b90dbcd
0d34333305cdbccb9edf6a86103233b4ecf90b38f8859fe9126247a8af2a4463b83d99499e6ff89b64962517728844921b5c279d3c1ba44462ee5192f67cb5fc
d20d34d3394473ab3720217cb6e4ba90563e3772e074dbc978b1c03369badd185196ce1f21c3e7b9c2f9568bdf1cac24d90adc3d49e697de195df1e708422c6c
d79501e744c0ed403db7e69cc0855699c8b6f1b753988ab46bde28e918cac7115d26a8a8286632cfe13a959774f4536903e3a9583318d430495108cf6255604d
a35ad5b4ac1a39878355f7d342ca7246d2dcd64c2baba8aae9ce62d60c9b32b063cb9b157983d5c6c4502ecd0a9fa7eedd94dbdde4ba9d3ea1ac1260f0d27e8e
aa7b85826050db4e6651538cf7d3b0cad9c5a85d3b360bfc04b5ab140923ebb7366a77ec56d608e7743078a3ca0f72bb510b438b4d5fa92dad6fbecdcb6976f6
0a92c710badc159542bb12ce6e39828668a27b923c6dc016792d8bad01bfbc15273dffeb5ad80fa24618556a9d7054099a41add209fbcd4a3f0c9bf55158af0d
078d3750586492d6c3fcd67d0c5714749ddfbdf77cbfb884d780bd8bf874731d736fc6d22ad317ed55bd027d115f6f1cbe88f708649faf5b8d71b7d91db42add
667f5c0986834ea51bb50695612b6a0fc7c328ec74c76f7cef4283837e330a5aa34ea5558fa24ad0aaa97574ba9576d068f48376bf330afa6f8a7e064c90e791
c2286067cdebc1ff000000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f74
68656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be99
69bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae
38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bba
bac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e74
5f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72656c732f2e
72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468
656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210091a344bc85070000962000001600000000000000000000000000d60200007468656d
652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000008f0a00007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d0100008a0b00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 0105000002000000180000004d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000f0c6
506a4db9da01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}